Mithril update 2024-12-11 (#515)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-12-11-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-12-11-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database: they kept working on creating and synchronizing the artifacts. The team finished exploring solutions for signer registration in networks with multiple aggregators, and they updated the 'About Mithril' section of the website. They also progressed on developing a cache for certificate verification in the WASM client.
> 
> Finally, they implemented an acceleration of signer fixtures creation in the tests, and added execution rights to the binaries pre-built in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database: they kept working on creating and synchronizing the artifacts. The team finished exploring solutions for signer registration in networks with multiple aggregators and updated the [About Mithril](https://mithril.network/doc/mithril/intro) section of the website. They also progressed with developing a cache for certificate verification in the WASM client.

Finally, the team accelerated the creation of signer fixtures in the tests and added execution rights to the binaries pre-built in the CI.
```
